Chapter 16
==========

Madam Kit
---------

Kit walks into Angie's room and asks Jessy to leave. Kit then smiles at Angie and says, "Angie I know I You've never really had any training on how to be a lady that's why I'm sadly enjoying this" Angie groans and says, "I know a few things about being a lady" Kit rolls her eyes and says, "Angie you where forbiddened to wear skirts in school because you'd let boys look up your skirts for the ones that did your work. As much as they wanted to. So you'd sit with your skirt hicked up in class and your legs spread. Tha'ts a whore not a lady" Angie shrugs and says, "God gave me a pussy which boys drool and will do anything for. Why is it so bad that I use it for my advantage?" Kit growls and says, "Because your a lady not a hooker" Angie puts her hand up and says, "I am no hooker" Kit frowning replies, "Angie you will fuck a guy in the bathroom if he buys you a sandwhich. That's sex for payment" Angie shrugs "I like sandwiches he wants sex"

Kit walks away for a minute to cool down. Then walks back and says, "Ok what ever. But when your sitting there". Kit looks at Angie with her legs spread open and slouched and says, "Sit up and cross your legs" Angie groans. Kit gets mad and says, "Angie you agreed to this" Angie nods and does as Kit instructed. Kit smiles seeing Angie sitting up. It's clearly a struggle for her.

Angie says, "Kit my back it hurting" Kit rolls her eyes and says, "It's because you've never sat like this. It's amazing your not a hunchback" Angie looks at her. Kit replies, "hunching over and slouching down can cause your spin to curve" Angie shakes her head and says, "You had to go threw this hell?" Kit shrugs and says, "Mom used a ruler, and I was taught to be a lady starting at eight. Your in your twenties" Angie sighs and says, "My mom said she wanted me to be my own woman and not have to go down because the man tells us we should act a certain way". Kit frowns and says, "Your mom is also a woman that stayed in jail most of her teen years because she was protesting. The question is protesting what?" Angie repies, "Womens rights". Kit drops it and says, "Still you want to get a good man he wants his women to act a certain way" Angie replies, "Why men should just like use the way we are. Hell where the ones with the pussy they want. It gets wet and makes them happy" Kit leans in and says, "That logic may of also got you two siblings that you don't even know and a sister that may be your half sister and you never knew your dad" Angie slouches in defeat.

Angie replies, "I may have two siblings. Mom never confirmed, and changes the subject when asked" Kit shrugs and says, "Sit up" Angie straightens up.

For the next few hours Kit spends her time teaching Angie maners. Kit is loving it she's always wanted to do this. Having Angie burb and act like a slob is one reason they rarely go out. Angie embarreses Kit. Now Kit's happy that that may be changing.

Chase visits Mike
-----------------

Chase walks into Mike's room. Who's on his phone texting. Chase sits down at the foot of his bed and says, "You don't mind do you?" Mike shakes his head and says, "I left my door open. I'm just talking to a girl I met yesterday" Chase nods and says, "What's her name?" Mike shrugs and says, "It was at a forum. Her name is Astrioni" Chase replies, "weird name" Mike shrugs and says, "Ther'es another girl on there anmed x y x y z" Chase says, "How do you pronounce that?" Mike shrugs and says, "Wnat to see a picture of her?" Chase shrugs and says, "Sure" Mike is smiling and turns his phone. A grey fox with a white stomach is there she has very large breast Chase guesses G cups. He's not sure if that's even a real size. He'll have to ask Kit later But as he looks down he sees a big dick" Chase sighs and says, "Next time remind me to say no". Mike laughing replies, "Yeah I'm not even sure if I"m going to date her. I just wanted to see your face" He laughs harder, "Oh also this is her" he shows her a pciture of a fox with golden fur and white hair. She has a cute smile. Kit looks and says, "Is that another he she?" Mike replies, "That's the girl I'm talking to and no she won't send me a nude pick the other one is something I found on the net" Chase flips him off and says, "Ass hole", and leaves.

As he walking out the door Chase says, "Oh by the way do you by any chance see Kit and Angie today?" Mike shrugs and says, "I stoped spying on them. They just masturbate alone in their rooms. It's geting sad" Chase covers his face and says, "Mike I mean today downstairs. It's weird it remeinds me when we where little and mom was teaching Kit, Vicky and Sarah manners" Mike looks up and says, "Yeah" Chase laughs, "I think Kit is teaching Angie. Except she ain't hitting her with a ruler" Mike smiles and says, "Yet" Just then they hear, "Awe bitch that hurt", from Angie yelling.

## Jessy

Jessy walks out of her room into the kitchen where Kit is sitting across the table from Angie. Angie is sitting straight and eating soup with a spoon. Jessy cracks up and says, "What's going on?" Kit looks at her and says, "Angie finally agreed to let me teach her manners. After she's done I'm going to be teaching you to. Jessy gets a roll and puts her feet in teh seat and says, "What's the big deal". Kit tells her, "Both feet on the floor. We're going to finally stop being barabarians. Angie cuoghs and says, "I'd do that if I was you. She has a ruler and how samarai are amazing with the sword she is with that ruler"

Jessy starts to laugh but sees Kit sturn faced and then looks at Angie. She then gets up and says, "I'm going to my room" Angie looks at her and says, "Oh I heard some mice downstairs earlier. I think we should eat in here till I catch them." Jessy shrugs and says, "I have good friends tha'ts mice" Kit shakes her head and says, "No not those mice she means the little varmits that get into your food" Jessy screams and stands in her chair. Angie laughs and says, "I might catch one for you and put it in a cage for you to keep as a pet". Never knowing her sister had fear of mice. 

   Jessy shakes her head and says, "Oh hell no". Kit smacks her with the ruler and says, "No cursing at the table" Jessy stands up and says, "BITCH!" Angie clears her throat and says, "I wouldn't do that. She'll take out your knees" Jessy laughs and says, "HA I'd like" She's cut off by Kit smacking her wrist then her knee caps. Jessy screams out, "Damn it that hurt". Before she's hit again. She reaches for the ruler but Angie shows her five broken rulers on the table and says, "She has a endless stash somewhere". Kit smiels and says, "I've been waiting on this moment since we where little" Angie frowns and says, "Most girls fantasize about the boy or girl she likes. You fantasize about torucher? We have a Bondage room at the club some girls like to use for that". Kit growls and says, "I'm not going to marry a slob" 
   
   She jumps at Jassy screams exictedly, "YOU FINALLY SAID YES!" Kit shakes her head and says, "Sorry buddy I haven't. But if she wants me to say it. Then she best learn manners oh and stop hitting on Spec. He hates it" Angie finishes her soup and says, "Kit really I love teh food. It's nice caned chicken soup but I'm stuffed. May I get up?" Jessy laughs and says, "Why don't you stand up". Angie looks at her and says, "Because I created a monster. Last time I did she smacked my knee caps and threatened to tie me to the chair until I asked politly. And honstly this side of her is making me ho" she stops herself and says, "Never mind". Kit smiels and says, "You may be excused"
   
   Then looks at Jessy and says, "But you are not". Angie leaves quickly. She hears Jessy complain, "Beth don't make me to this." Then Kit, "Beth is a doctor. She has dinner meetings that she has to dress up for. She probably takes Vicky but leaves you at home. Maybe if you show her you can sit properly she'll take you. The food is amazing at them things"
