#Chapter 17
## Jessy and Angie
Jessy lays down on Angie's bed and says, "Your really going to do all this just so Kit will say yes?" Angie shrugs and says, "What ever it takes" Jessy sits up smiling and says, "Your even going to quit hitting on Spec?" Angie hesitates then Chocks out what ever it ta... Hell the man wants me" Jessy laughs and says, "Remember when you where trying to get me to ask David out in fifth grade" Angie shrugs. "You said that every man has a type of woman. That some men like a woman that asks them out. Well come to find out he didn't like women. He had a crush on Billy. Which I helped get hooked up with. But what if your not Specs type?"  Angie rolls her eyes and says, "When did you get to be a boy expert?" Jessy rolls her eyes and says, "When I started going into heat and growing boobs, and I realized they have something hanging between thier legs that makes us feel good. I ain't addicted to it like you but I still like a good fuck. Hell it's been almost a year since I got some". Angie gasps in shock. Then she says, "I ain't a addict" Jessy crosses her arms and says, "Oh says the girl that I saw fucking a rock once?" Angie gets mad and says, "Why does everyone care that I was rubbing my pussy on a rock. Yes I admit I did it, and yes it felt amazing. But it was only one time". Jessy smiles and says, "Do you miss Rocky?" Angie lays down and whispers, "Get out. We don't share a room anymore" Jessy shrugs saying, "I don't technaly live here but mom made me" Angie smiels and says, "I need to talk to mom" Before pulling out her phone.

Jessy leaves as Angie's mom answers. Angie smiles and says, "Hey mom". Her mom replies, "Hey Angela" Angie gets mad and says, "Angie mom I hate being called Angela" her mom laughs and says, "That's why I do it" Angie growns and says, "Jessy keeps asking me if she can move back in with Vicky and Beth" Her mom whispers, "Ain't they one of those gay couples?" Angie growls and says, "Mom it's lesbian and by the way I'm wanting to marry Kit. So it don't matter if she lives here or there" Her mom hangs up. 

## Angie's dad
Angie calls back and says, "Mom listen" Her mom replies, "You may be a dike but you still like boys" Angie remembers why she rarely calls home. She then says, "Let me talk to dad" Her mom goes quite then she hears, "Hey Ang" in a masculant voice. She says, "Hey dad" Her dad replies, "Why is your mom mad?" Angie goes on and tells him about what ahppened. He replies, "Well your mom has her days you know that" Angie replies, "Yes I know. I just want you to know your mom had a thing back in school" He's interrupted then by Angie's mom screaming. Angie laughs and says, "You talk me about Daisy Anders years ago when I first came out. But mom seems to be imbarresed by that" Her dad sighs and says, "I've been trying to get her to do a three way" Angie laughs and says, "Dad, I don't think mom will do that" 

Her dad is actually Jessy's biological dad but she calls him dad having no idea who her actual dad is. Her mom won't tell her. She may not even know herself. She just changes the subject when asked. They continue to talk for a bit longer just catching up on things. Finally Angie says, "I'm just wondering why didn't y'all come to my proposal?" Her dad sighs and says, "Well you know about your mom and well" Angie gets mad and hangs up before he can say anymore.

Angie storms into the kitchen where Kit is sitting eating a bowl of cerial. She blurts out, "God she got to him" Kit looks at her weird and says, "Who what?" Angie sits down and says, "You know how dad was the only one cool with me being bi?" Kit nods. "He is starting to think like that bitch" Kit smiles knowing her homelife wasn't as good as Kit's. Kit is very thankful for her mom and dad. Angie's mom is about as wild as Angie. kit smiles to herself and thinks, "Like mother like daughter" But then she sees for once Angie is really upset.

Kit sighs and says, "Angie you know how your mom is. You told me once she cuaght you looking at your dad's magazines she flipped out. Come to find out it wasn't you looking at porn it was you looking at girls" Kit knows this time Angie is really upset. She can see the look in her eyes. The look that says she's on teh verge of crying. 

Kit smiles and says, "Angie I know you don't talk about your family much. I never knew how your mom was against this." Angie now will tears in her eyes says, "I know about mom. I was ok with mom but dad" Kit smiles and says, "What exactly did he say?" She tells her. Kit nods and says, "Angie he never actually said it. Myabe call back and see what he actually says, "What if he was going to say somtehing nice?" Angie sighs and says, "OK". She puts the phone down and says, "What pisses me off the most is mom is to. She had a girlfriend that she was supose close with. She talks about her alot. I've also seen her fingering herslef to dad's magazines and net. Of girls fucking each other" She then looks at her and says, "Hell Kit you think I'm bad. She keeps a black book." Kit shrug and says, "You do to"  Angie screams, "IT'S THE SIZE OF A PHONE DIRECTORY!" 

Angie angery calls her parents back. When he answers. She screams, "DAD YOU CAN GO TO FUCKING HELL. I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU THINK!" Her mom answers, "Angie your dad is ok with you it's me that don't want anotehr daughter" They fight for a while before he mom screams, "Your dad was Charles, Angie. Tim ain't your dad" then hangs up.

Angie stares into space with a smile. She's use to fights with her mom. That's why she was so prevalent about leaving in the city. Mostly to be as far away from her as possible. Kit hugs her and says, "See your dad is cool" Angie turns smiling, "Mom told me his name" Kit shrugs and says, "He told him his name the first time I went to your house. Well the first time he was there" Angie kisses Kit big and says, "No I know Tim's name. She told me my dad's name. My real dad. I may never meet him but at least I have a name now" She leaves laughing happily. 

Very curious Kit goes to her room and calls Angie's mom. As long as Kit don't act like Angie's girlfriend she's ok with her. 

After a few rings Angie's dad asnwers and says, "Hey Kit" Kit laughs and says, "Hey Angie's dad. Um did Angie's mom really tell her bio dad's name" Angie's dad replies, "Yes I'm shocked even she's never told me who he was ether ways. I've looked threw her book before and there's three charles's one circled with the ass whole wrote beside it. So ehter he really did something bad to her. Or he knocked her up." Kit says, "Bye" then hangs up.

Kit walks into angie's room Jessy is laying on Angie's bed onher phone. Kit says, "Jessy leave unless you want to join" Kit takes off her shirt. Jessy blurts out Woh hot bra. ANgie takes off hers and says, "Get out Jessy". Jessy fights back no kit said I could join. Taking off her shirt" All three are quickly naked. Angie reaches between Kit's legs and beging messaging Kit's clit and fingering her. She looks at Jessy who's feeling Kit's tail and says, "Go finger yourself in your room Jessy." Jessy groans then Kit stops kissing Angie's neck and says, "Finger my ass hole Jessy" Angie looks at her shocked and says, "what" Kit kisses her and says, "Shut up and fuck me"

Jessy lays beside them happily and all three finger each other while taking turns kissing each other. Jessy with a big smile grabs Kit's breast and says, "It's huge and soft" Kit leans over and french kisses her. 

After that JEssy asks, "Can I suck your tit?" Kit pushes one up and says, "I loved them being sucked" Jessy leans in and gently sucks her tit. Kit lets out a soft man and feels Jessy's while Angie kisses Kit's net and fingers her.

They lay in bed kissing each ohter and taking turning fingering each other. the all three begin licking eacho ohter's pussy's. Kit licking Angie, Angie licking her sister, Jessy, and Jessy licking Kit to her content

## After sex
The three girls lay beside each ohter. Kit in the middle. One of Jessy's hands still messaging Kit's breast. Angie smiles at Kit and says, "I see your not mad at me anymore" Kit looks over enjoying Jessy playing with her breast, and liking she's fingering  herslef hard to it. 

Kit smiles and says, "As long as you keep geting better with stuff I'll be happy with you. I'm not use to doing this but hell we're both girls. So when I feel like your good enough to eat at a high class restraunt will you go on a date with me?" Angie kisses KIt's lips and says, "Yes", kisses her again, "Your treat?" Kit sighs and says, "I asked you out didn't I?" Angie french kisses Kit. Before reaching over and fingering her. Kit laughs and says, "I'm kind of out of the mood." Jessy jerks her hand away fast and says, "Oh I'm sorry". Kit looks and says, "NO that felt great" Jessy giggles and places  her hand on Kit's large soft breast and continues puting kit's nipples between her index and middle finger while she messages it gently.
