[status 1]: <> (this is a comment)
# Chapter 15
## Kit's still mad

Kit sits in the couch waiting on Angie's answer. After sighing, Angie says, "Kit so is this a yes?" Kit shrugs and says, "I ain't answered you yet" Angie smiles and says, "Well your mom is waiting on a answer. I sort of already asked them if I could" KIt shrugs and says, "Tell them I'll see. I just don't want to spend the rest of my life with someone I'm not sure if they really love me or because I'm safe and they've always known me"

Angie groans and says, "Why won't you answer me?" Kit shakes her head and says, "If you start to understand come to my room. Otherwise go fuck yourself" Kit leaves mad. Angie shakes her head frustrated.

Kit lays down on her bed very mad. When she hears a knock. Thinking it's Jessy. Kit says, "Come on in" But sees Angie open the door and walk in.

Kit lets out a growl. Angie don't blink she just says, "Kit" Kit don't give her a chance to say anything she just says, "Angie no I don't want to watch you fuck yourself" Angie is mad that Kit won't let this go but says, "Kit I'm sorry. I just don't get what your mad about"

Kit sits up and says, "Angie you where proposing to me. Which means you where suppose to sweep me off my feet" Angie replies, "I tried" Kit says, "No Angie you tried to put on a huge show. So everyone will see how much you have. You have money your part owner of a club. So you spending lots of money on something. Is like a radio host saying your name on the air. It's a nice jester but don't put out any effort. Now if someone who's never on the air would do that it's a very nice jester" Angie replies, "I tried to make a huge gesture. To show you how much I cared for you" Kit sighs and says, "Angie all you did was embarrassed me. I hate being put in the spot light. You've known me since we where pups. So I'd think you'd known that"

Angie thinks back to her graduation. Kit had her head down and hurried across the stage. Then at the graduation dinner she tried to be alone. Angie finally says, "I always thought you where just being cool and showing you didn't care and had other things to do" Kit growls and says, "So you didn't even know I'm a dork?" Angie looks at her and says, "Now I'm getting mad. Kit you are no dork. Dorks stay to themselves while everyone else is having fun. They never" She frowns and says, "Your shy and have friends so ..." Kit groans and says, "Angie, you where my only friend. I got picked on a lot" Angie bows down and says, "Sorry Kit. But hey look at it now. Your flirting with a cute rabbit with some huge tits" Kit smiles and says, "I'm friends with her" Angie rolls her eyes and says, "Yeah. I have lots of friends like that" Kit frowns and says, "What does that mean?" Angie leans in and says, "Didn't you fuck her?" Kit thinks and says, "I can't remember" Angie nods and says, "See. You just fuck and leave. You don't even bother keeping track" Kit shakes her head and says, "Angie, please leave me alone" Angie nods and leaves.

## Child support
Vicky Walks into  her and Beth's house holding hands with Beth. Vicky closes the door and says, "So Beth. How did you like the holler?" Beth smiles and says, "You're just now asking me? We've been home for a day now" Vicky shrugs and says, "Well after that disaster we just saw. It got me thinking about putting people on the spot" Beth kisses her and says, "No you didn't put me on the spot. This is natural progression I was going to have to meet your family at some point. And your going to have to meet mine" Vicky smiles and replies, "I can't wait" Beth replies, "You ain't worried?" Vicky shakes her head.

Beth smiles and says, "Well if you'd like I can arrange it so you can meet them this weekend. They've been wanting to come home for some time" Vicky smiles and asks, "Do they know about you liking girls?" Beth nods, "They didn't like the idea that I wasn't going to have babies. Since well they really want grandkids. They kicked me out and everything but then my sister Candy got pregnant by a married man. They sort of forgot about mine. They started to accept it soon after and even apologized" Vicky nods and asks, "What happened to Candy and her baby?" Beth shrugs replying, "His wife found out about it when he was writing a child support check. She divorced him. He went to Candy thinking she'd let him stay with her but she was still mad about him being married. So he ended up living in a cheap apartment paying child support to her"

Vicky nods and says, "Did she ever find someone else?" Beth replies, "Nope. He She's still pissed at him so getting his checks every month makes her think she has power over him. So she got fat and basically lives like that" Vicky thinking that sounds mean of her asks, "You mean she lives on those checks?" Beth nods, Vicky continues, "What about her kid" Beth replies, "Actually she miscarried but she got knocked up again by another man so she's getting two checks" Vicky leans in and says, "Beth that's fraud. That's illegal" Beth smiles and says, "I know but he's also a drug dealer and wants to avoid the cops. So he just pays her" Vicky shrugs and says, "Sucks to be him"

Vicky laughs and kisses Beth before saying, "Well at least you don't have to worry about me coming for you for that" She's meaning it as a joke but Beth looks hurt and says, "Why?" Vicky rolls her eyes not believing Beth didn't get the joke and says, "Beth we're both girls. It's impossible for you to make me pregnant and vise versa", She pauses for a minute, "Unless you where a boy at one time then ... I sorta of need to know" Beth rolls her eyes and says, "No I was born a girl though at one time I wondered what it would be like to have a dick hanging between my legs. But I grew past that win I start getting boobs and learned I loved playing with them to much. That's also when I started wondering if I was gay" Vicky sighs and says, "Beth your a shrink you know all you where doing was loving masturbation". Beth feels sad that Vicky didn't think she was funny and says, "I know that now but then I thought you where suppose to be turned on in the girls shower. Because all the other girls where covering themselves up. I didn't know that was just something you do" Vicky laughs. Beth getting mad says, "Hey I was twelve when I started getting them. How old where you?" Vicky replies, "Kit was nine and so was eye. Sarah I think was nine also" Beth now feeling embarrassed says, "Twelve is completely normal" Vicky kisses her and says, "I know you would know", feeling bad.

Beth changing the subject says, "So what do you want to eat?" Vicky shrugs and says, "Ain't it kind of late?" Beth shrugs and says, "I get me something to eat at this time all the time. Anyway we don't go to bed till three or four in the morn'n" She then stops and says, "Oh my God I'm talking like you", putting emphasis on the vowels.  Vicky laughs and says, "It happens to everyone that spends two nights in the holler" Beth shakes her head, "But I'm a educated cat" Vicky growls not knowing if that was a insult and says, "Hey I agreed to go to your fucking college" Beth closes her eyes and says, "I'm sorry about that Vicky I understand that probably hurt your feeling and I agree that I was inconsiderate and sounded self centered implying that your not smart" Vicky has he hand on her hip and rolls her eyes and says, "A simple sorry would been enough" Beth points and says, "You and Kit both do that hand on the hip thing" Vicky lets out a puff frustrated and says, "We get it from our mom and Sarah does it to" She goes into the bathroom so she'll have a door to lock

## Kit talks to her mom
Kit is laying on her bed relaxed reading a book on her phone when someone calls. She immediately sees it's her mom so Kit sighs and answers it knowing that it has to be about the party.

"Hey mom", Kit says with a smile. Her mom answers with, "Hello Kit", clearly happy and wanting to know something. Kit knows what it is and groans, "OK mom. What is it?" Even though she knows what it is. She just don't want to say it unless she has to.

Her mom frustrated already says, "Ok let me here it how did she ask?" Kit growls and says, "Mom Angie embarrassed me to death" Her mom replies, "Did you at least acknowledge that effort she put into it. She sent me pictures. She was a nervous wreck" Kit confused says, "Angie confused?", confused herself. Mom she embarrassed me to death. She should of known better to put me on the spot like that"

Her mom now mad at her says, "Kit, Angie says she has to hear you wake up screaming still from the attacks. She feels really bad that she helped Julienne try to hurt you. Though she was the one injured she says, 'She still hears you at night wake up screaming because the night. Bill attacked you. So she decided to go against her first idea which she wouldn't tell me what it was. And decided to recreate the prom you went to. With pictures that you have hidden under your bed and some that we bought but you didn't want" Kit replies, "What would of that done?" her mom replies, "She was hoping that it would replace your memory with something better"

Kit remembers the decorations and says, "I thought it looked a little high school promish. I've seen other parties she's put together and was a little mad that it was so cheaply done" Her mom replies, "Yeah also she said she was having trouble with her assistant and had to do this at the last second"

Kit sighs knowing she went to far. Angie really tried to make something Kit would like. It's clear that she didn't talk to Beth or anyone else that knows about psychology. She thinks, "Hell even Dr. Stephen would of been a good idea" Kit groans and says, "But why did she have to do it at the start?" Her mom replies, "I don't know. Guess she couldn't wait and wanted to know your answer right off or maybe she was so nervous she just did it to get it over with" Kit groans and says, "Get it over with" Her mom interrupts, "I'm just guessing. She never said that" Kit says,  "I love you" to her, then hangs up.

She hits the bed with her fist and groans loud before saying, "Fuck" She then sighs and says, "I got to get do it might as well get it over with" She then thinks and says, "Damn it" she gets up and goes over to Angie's room and enters without knocking.

She sees angie with no pants on getting her pussy licked by Jessy who's on the floor between Angie's legs. Angie is laying down with her feet on the floor.

Kit throws her arms up and says, "Really?" and leaves. Angie sits back up and says, "You and your sister do this? what's wrong?"

Kit's right before the door and hears her. She stops and turns around going back into Angie's room.

Angie is still sitting on the bed pants less and Jessy is sitting beside her. Kit sighs again and says, "Sorry" Jessy gets up and leaves saying, "I'll go to my room"

Kit sits down beside Angie and says, "I just talked to mom. She told me that you tried to fix my", she pauses for a bit, "Bill problem" She takes a deep breath, "That was a really nice gesture. I guess" Angie nods. Kit rolls her eyes and says, "But Angie, I've been thinking. Your are very inconsiderate. I mean you hit on our boss a lot. It's amazing you've not been fired yet" Angie grins and says, "See that's why" Kit interrupts her, "I asked him to. I thought maybe getting you a steady day job would of calmed you down"

Kit then shrugs and says, "Angie, I remember as a kid you always acted like this and your parents just didn't care. So you where never taught manners" Angie frowns and says, "Then what?" Kit says, "I don't know. I guess after I figure your done. Well figure it out then" Angie shrugs and says, "OK on one condition" Kit nods and says, "OK" Angie grins and says, "You actually come to the club with me and have fun. No getting stoned. Just you or Christina. You can call yourself that if you like. But you actually have fun. Have a few beers or whiskeys. Maybe get on stage with me. You don't have to that one. But just have fun. Kit looks down frustrated. Angie says, "If you want me to change why is it so bad that I want you to? Your the one that wants to be equal" Kit groans and says, "OK. But after I'm done" Angie shrugs and says, "I always keep my word and I know you do to so deal"
